I just witnessed a grown man yelling a cursing at his neighbors saying they want to fight him. Neither seemed to want to. My children were with me. Be better for others. Especially if you live by a park! #grown_children
Back from the funeral. It was crowded. Marty was 88 so she had her 7 children plus her grandchildren plus various brothers and sisters and cousins and in-laws so the funeral home was packed. #grandchildren
that’s the “moving thumbnails” you were talking about. good stuff 7ribe #moving
The boys came to play todayHUGE win! Awesome job Cougs!! #job
but lots of things run of an evening. social activities, community groups, meetings, family time, extra-curricular activities. The assumption is that people can and will go on doing things until (what to me feels like) late at night. #social_activities
Lorry driver shortage: Temporary visa scheme to run until Christmas Eve. Last year these people where panic buying toilet paper.  These are children in grown bodies. Look at them. #grown_children
I just witnessed a grown man yelling a cursing at his neighbors saying they want to fight him. Neither seemed to want to. My children were with me. Be better for others. Especially if you live by a park! #grown_children
it would have been nice to have been a part of it. to feel you were still someone they felt would have been happy for her grandson and interested,it’s a little sad when children forget grandparents never stop loving their children/grandchildren no matter how grown up they are x #grown_children
I noticed these women out here they don't want a good man it blows my mind they are dating boys in a grown man's body these men don't do nothing for these females don't throw the garbage out don't bring the groceries upstairs and their children see this #grown_children
Jeez us. Grown man shoudnt act like children in public. #grown_children
So true...I think of her everyday,  every moment of everyday.  Her children now grown are so much like their mom,  it's beautiful to see her light in them #grown_children
It has an echo in later years too…older primary children not necessarily picking up Shaun Tan, Gary Crew…or grown ups who think graphic novels are too easy for children who can read novels for themselves. We must consider the development of the reader not just the reading! #grown_children
To unlearn a lot of very deeply entrenched behaviors while still trying to survive everyday life is a lot. Plus anything w/ children requires patience lol But the logic behind it is flawed bc what grown person eating something they don’t want/like? Lol #grown_children
Molester* pedophilia is this wierd situation(some call it a disease, me, personally think it is a focus point for unresolved trauma or other underlying worst diseases) where grown adults have a sexual preference for children. #grown_children
The difference between their first appearances in mr. house husband and now… it makes me so happy. They’ve grown up so much… and the amount of attentiveness they have for their 3 children even tho it’s hard especially when it’s just one of them with the 3 children. #grown_children
Mum (85) tells me her six-year-old grandson (my nephew) is Covid +ve but asymptomatic.He's been banished to his bedroom &amp; is unhappy.Mum really misses her grandchildren, some of whom live very locally. #grandchildren
Telling your grandchildren to go back to Africa if they're mad you wrecked the whole world economy #grandchildren
One more year until our son is a wizard, I guess?We’re never going to have grandchildren #grandchildren
His grandchildren won't see that day #grandchildren
I began a career in public service to shape a better world for my daughter. Amy's passion and loyalty make me proud. I will continue my service in Congress so her daughters, my grandchildren, and all future generations have even more opportunities to thrive. #grandchildren
Back from the funeral. It was crowded. Marty was 88 so she had her 7 children plus her grandchildren plus various brothers and sisters and cousins and in-laws so the funeral home was packed. #grandchildren
Hard to believe that they don't seem to even care about their own children and grandchildren. #grandchildren
"Men fight for liberty and win it with hard knocks. Their children, brought up easy, let it slip away again, poor fools. And their grandchildren are once more slaves." - D.H. Lawrence #grandchildren
Done. What is she teaching her grandchildren? #grandchildren
Some people dont believe in kifarah and karma so they run their mouth like theres no tomorrow.It may not happened to you but it might happen to your children or grandchildren.And that is when it will hit you hard. Be mindful of others. #grandchildren
mój unpopular opinion na dziś to ze howl's moving castle jest overrated #moving
That there is a lot of moving mechanisms, and they all need to work, all the time. #moving
Is it just me or is there tackle moving before the ball is snapped? #moving
Gleyber moving to second is minimum 75% the reason he’s hitting better. You’re just more comfortable in a certain role. I pitched better starting a game then out of the bullpen when i played ball 🤷🏻‍♂️ its just what it is. #moving
Moving in silence, screaming in checkmate 🎲A big flex. #moving
Drink water. Not the purified water or your municipal water, but spring water with actual minerals in it.MoveSleepThe whole you NEED healthcare is the biggest mirage keeping people at work, wrecking their bodies, not moving, and stressing the F out. #moving
Their point… that Maher‘s moving right… And he is except when he’s all “woke” about nutrition. (of course it’s the right who fight to allow corp to sell garbage to our kids) Righties come on, he’s not informed enough to push back. He just rants when Libs are on. #moving
whew - moving furniture 🥵 #moving
PRO TIP: Don't waste your time and energy arguing with trolls. It makes no difference, they are here to stir you up and piss you off.Just block and keep it moving. That's how you win.PASS IT ON. #moving
2/2  I am married, I am moving, I am growing up, and I am getting so much better at what I do. Those stuck in the past can stay there. I choose life and joy. Good luck. #moving
That's a really interesting job. I imagine still tough, but I guess it's one of those that when you do make a difference you feel it. Eek, that must have made for awkward water cooler convo #job
feel super lucky that these self-selecting groups of workshopees are such a delight &amp; make me wish this was my day job, s/o to all of you #job
Agreed, some filler scenes were really really good, anime is doing a good job expanding on the manga, it's just a personal opinion that didn't enjoy all filler scenes, it's 50/50 for me, some hit some miss #job
Ich habe vor drei Monaten einen Job als Betreuerin angefangen. Ich begleite eine 14jährige zum Schwimmen. Sie hat Probleme in sozial emotionalen Bereich. Wie zeigt sich das: sie ist mega unmotiviert, lässt sich für nichts begeistern, interagiert nicht mit anderen. #job
This job is now open at ResourceMFG in  IN. Follow us and turn on mobile alerts to hear about jobs like these as soon as they're posted: Packaging - Catalent #job
He has a job now and it AIN'T thinking about college football!! #job
Can you recommend anyone for this job? Installation Project Manager - Spectra - Harrisburg, PA -    PA #job
Good job Beto nice way to get all the pro Biden people on your side!!New York Post : Beto O'Rourke blasts Biden on border, compares him to Trump.via #job
. . 953_porn_sex_50mm  . . . 1489726571 #job
Why is cocktailing had a pool literally the hardest job I’ve ever had and I’ve worked in an oil field 😭 that’s ass backwards bro #job
doing homework in the office since our facility is under lockdown for the next 2 weeks which means i cant do group activities for 2 weeks cause covid social distancing. hmmm this might be a blessing in disguise so i can excel better in school since im taking survey of A&amp;P #social_activities
but lots of things run of an evening. social activities, community groups, meetings, family time, extra-curricular activities. The assumption is that people can and will go on doing things until (what to me feels like) late at night. #social_activities
This guy is stupid and racist. He is essentially promoting segregation while we are striving for social cohesion and unity. What people are stupid too they only survive on farming and primary economic activities and then suddenly they smart come on #social_activities
Money can buy almost everything, and not only moral, but also cultural values are shaped by the activities we undertake to get it. But if experiences of values were a means of exchange, they would transform, not confirm social roles #social_activities
This Vaccine Propaganda too much and my children are grown up and all moved out 🥸☕️☕️☕️ #grown_children
You do realize you are acting immature, don't you?  A grown man picking on Big Bird, a character beloved by millions of children. #grown_children
Better question, why are grown ass adults complaining about a children's game? #grown_children
I can’t imagine a grown ass man being this scared of a large yellow bird that has taught millions of children #grown_children
oh wow this is so embarrassing… grown women with children making this type of music?? #grown_children
Lol nah fr. The problem is they think they’re “grown” because they pay bills and have children. When in actuality they never grew up, they just grew old. Because if you have children and you don’t know how to communicate you’re childish imo. #grown_children
Sean Parnell’s Senate run is already DOA. Hate to break it to you. That’s one of the consequences of a grown man hitting his  children and choking / trying to strangle his wife #grown_children
I drag them everytime because I fucking hate how grown ass women act like shy innocent children to cater to the disgusting men in that industry  and male fans and I won't stop! #grown_children
Children? Are you joking? They are all grown men! #grown_children
I'm now old enough to be the mother of every debuting idol. It's a weird feeling. I can't connect with them, but I still love idol music. My oshis are all grown and married with children. #grown_children
I need the money for groceries please please I have four grandchildren who live with me and my daughter please help us I hate begging I hate asking I wish my legs worked so I didn’t have to ask you$Moving07 #grandchildren
My grandmother was born just a year and change earlier than him. She passed away last yr, living a long beautiful life, raising her children, helping raise her grandchildren and her great grandchildren. Benjamin and his sister Jansje deserved to live their lives. Such tragedy #grandchildren
We have seven(7) grandchildren and that would be a load off is we could make that happen! #grandchildren
Your Great Great Grandchildren's Great Great Grandchildren will figure it out in another 10 thousand years or so when all the dogma wears off.Until then, mostly everyone seems to be content to liten to 2nd, 3rd, 4th, etc, party information rather than speak with their prophets. #grandchildren
the driving age limit. Once you surpass 70, you shouldn't be on the road slowing down us 20 year old speed racers. All you should be doing is baking cookies for your grandchildren, c'mon now. #grandchildren
How can  make an impact on patients with  In this story, we had a patient whose goal was to spend less time using her supplemental oxygen. Read how our team helped her so she could do more activities with her grandchildren: #grandchildren
Published 3/9/ 1973."He is survived by his 107‐year‐old third wife, and 219 other family members. Only a few days ago, a big birthday party was held in the village to celebrate the 100th birthday of one of his grandchildren."Caucasus Peasant Dies at 168; #grandchildren
Let’s not get embarrassed by a grandpa and his grandchildren on National TV tonight #grandchildren
WhatsApp Grandpa? Determinants of grandparents-grandchildren digital contacts in Italy #grandchildren
Yes plenty of people are donating to charities and volunteering. Many people around the world are helping with grandchildren and the elderly. Many people are concerned about having a sustainable environment. Many people enjoy each others company and have some laughs. #grandchildren
You're a 6'4 girl who's big and strong but slow we might be able to do something with you what if you're a five four girl who's big slow and strong little bit harder to figure you into our plans moving forwardThere's a different kind of work you have 2do and a different amount #moving
My question, too. Wouldn't mind moving to Austin. Teach the kiddies how to catch murderers. #moving
Walkley Heights - traffic moving well citybound Walkleys Rd at Grand Jct Rd #moving
Here's your Monday motivation to get moving even though it's dark out.Cramming in 10 minute progressive runs between rows, deads and lat pull downs breaks down the monotony and keeps it fresh.That was a hell of a workout, and a hell of a way to start the week positively. #moving
Elizabeth is a blessed girl. When something is moving, you KNOW she’ll be there. #moving
Moving forward, spot trading will take place through the local entity, Huobi Gibraltar, which is distributed ledger technology (DLT) license compliant. #moving
also can’t tell which side you’re serving to but if you start moving towards a continental grip you’ll be able to keep your body closed longer #moving
According to a press release dates 8 November, 2021, Huobi Group has announced that it is moving its spot trading business from Seychelles to Gibraltar.The company stated that the migration has commenced after approval from Gibraltar Financial Services Commission (GFSC). #moving
Rockwood officials are moving forward with the first phase of its community and veterans memorial park. Approx. $160,000 has been raised so far. The park is located at Market Street and Water Level Road beside the town's war memorial. #moving
$GLPG's price moved below its 50-day Moving Average on November 5, 2021. View odds for this and other indicators: #moving
I can finally say , I love me job 😂 #job
“ Afternoon folks! “Back at the job.. entertaining these tiny little human kids.Maybe he’ll sign autographs-. #job
Mmmm where ya job at? #job
You're right.  I don't know Canada.  Can you send me a link to an article that reports that someone working for a private company lost their job for criticizing the Canadian government? #job
Nintendo if you don't think I can no life burn through this game despite having a full time job in 1 week you are sorely mistaken. #job
Es ist der schönste Job der Welt. Aber das nutzt alles nichts, wenn man ihn nicht machen kann. #job
This B1tch crazy. People do NOT have to settle for any job just for the sake of the economy. Its not a patriotic duty...its bullshyt! Let's talk about employers who want folks to have a Masters degree, 10 yrs experience &amp; pay you 36,000 a year? #job
Actually I really enjoy this chemistry between Jason and Mandy because somehow i know it is happen someday.. So this chemistry is so perfect!!! 💙 Good job 💙 🔥 #job
Great job! #job
I really wonder how you’d survive in a world where you just wake up work and go to sleep without any social activities. When the entire fucking planet hates you for no fucking reason whatsoever, when you don’t have any family or friends. I think it would be interesting to see. #social_activities
Beyond that, there's a dangerous thing that happens when we frame digital activities as "not real," which is that we start to devalue the people we interact with.The people we talk to on social media, in online games, etc, are Real People, and we are Really Talking to them. #social_activities
Good that he stood down on his own, probably would have been removed as Captain anyway. Time for him to introspect and become the batsman that he was 2 years ago. The player who was destined for greatness but got distracted with social media and PR activities. #social_activities
President  presents Padma Shri to Smt Tulsi Gowda for Social Work. She is an environmentalist from Karnataka who has planted more than 30,000 saplings and has been involved in environmental conservation activities for the past six decades. #social_activities
Not Ready To Be Social Again? If you are not ready to rejoin society after the prolonged COVID-19 pandemic, there are still some cool activities you can do at home. #social_activities
Yes, I'm not advocating masks /instead/ of vaccines, but rather in addition to them, and together with limiting activities in public indoor settings, using hepa filters, keeping social distance and frequent testing. #social_activities
WhatsApp spy apps used to spy on mobile phones. It can track call logs, chats, conversations, photos, videos, stickers, emojis, and all activities of social media apps, including WhatsApp. #social_activities
Holidays celebration or fun social activities #social_activities
Tulsi Gowda, an environmentalist from Karnataka who has planted more than 30,000 saplings and has been involved in environmental conservation activities for the past 6 decades, receives Padma Shri for Social Work from President Kovind: Rashtrapati Bhavan #social_activities
✨We are looking for 'Beacon Buddy' Volunteers to support the Social Prescribing Service✨This is a great opportunity to support clients with attending activities, appointments &amp; peer support.For further info and application details please click below👇 #social_activities
Had such a lovely day in school. Was so nice to meet the new  children and see how much the  and  have grown. Loved all the updates the children gave me, it was like I'd never been away 😍. See you all next week x #grown_children
Big Bird is just the latest piece of children's culture to trigger Republicans #grown_children
This Vaccine Propaganda too much and my children are grown up and all moved out 🥸☕️☕️☕️ #grown_children
You do realize you are acting immature, don't you?  A grown man picking on Big Bird, a character beloved by millions of children. #grown_children
Better question, why are grown ass adults complaining about a children's game? #grown_children
I can’t imagine a grown ass man being this scared of a large yellow bird that has taught millions of children #grown_children
Stop justifying rubbish bush..this is and old woman ..dont u know what being old is??the love ur mother needs at old age is being with her grandchildren if you dont know #grandchildren
drunk was definitely a first-timer. Thank goodness he made it home alive, though. Audrey hadn’t met any of her grandchildren yet. Hopefully, one day. Hues gazed upon the-weeks-old babygirl; it might’ve even brought a tear to her eye if it weren’t for her holding them back ➳ #grandchildren
My mum and dad are flying to the states tomorrow and there gonna get to hug their grandchildren for the first time in 3 years. #grandchildren
I would choose Zoom School over any one of my grandchildren dying, yeah call me crazy #grandchildren
Don’t think I could do it!  I have a husband, children and grandchildren! #grandchildren
grandmother adopts grandchildren from  care: #grandchildren
I’m so glad! My grandchildren get Christmas through their pediatrician’s office. It’s not a lot but it’s something… #grandchildren
cant wait to be like 50 so i can tell my grandchildren about anitwt #grandchildren
You are so optimistic. With the GOP stopping green programs I hope my grandchildren have a world to live in. #grandchildren
My adorable twin grandchildren, Nathan &amp; Hailey, 5 years old.  They are at CVS waiting to get the vaccine.  They want the shot so they can go to school next year &amp; go in public places. #grandchildren
Omg this time moving so slow, but I ain’t complaining I’m in bed 🛌 #moving
Next year me and my girl moving in together. Speaking it into existence #moving
had very bad experience with this service paid extra cash, drive cancel trips because of UPI payment, and bad service experience with my trip so many things more but unfortunately moving forward to others options #moving
Artists are taking note of this Travis Scott situation my friend went to a concert tonight and the artists said if you see somebody fall down stop moving everyone tell each other to stop moving and we will stop the show. #moving
Moving the away fans will be the most common wrong answer #moving
She moves herself so her thighs were on each side of his face , moving herself closer to feel tongue.“Fuck!! I think - think you’re better than riot “ #moving
After enough pullups they can start 2 men a lady and truck moving company 🚚 #moving
like, yeah, the bubbles being spinning lines was established earlier, much in the same way that star platinum moving so incredibly fast was established, #moving
Matt Taylor: "We're still nowhere close to where we want to be, but we're moving in the right direction." #moving
vs.  11/24/63. The game ended in a 17-17 tie, w CHI on their way to the 1963 NFL Championship.This was the second-to-last NFL game played at Forbes Field, with the Steelers moving to Pitt Stadium the following season until Three Rivers Stadium opened in 1970. #moving
The album is soooo good. I can be that woman, Little things , keep an eye on Dan and No doubt about it deserves to be singles!!. Good job ABBA. #job
Great job sweetie!  They look amazing!😘❤ #job
We're hiring in  WA! Click the link in our bio to apply to this job and more: Warehouse Associate at Gexpro #job
GM Spring Hill is at the center of what’s being dubbed an EV Hub in Tennessee. This is a great time to join the team. Please spread the word to anyone you know looking for employment. Shareable Job Fair Facebook Event Link: #job
I love it! I don't stream, but this layout makes me want to stream  😍. Amazing job, Mircea! #job
So lying is OK now?Its one thing to say I dont want to vaccine, its another thing to lie and say "I am immunized"That's basically criminal, and anyone would be fired for such deception at any job except Congressman! #job
My dream job would be a movie critic, I love movies and it would be awesome to be paid to watch them. #job
A bingo. Good marketing job here 🎯🤝 #job
@ CALL-A-HEAD CORP. (East Rockaway, NY) - Yard Worker #job
Some of the Sandwich Top Ten Entries!!AMAZING JOB, Food Champs! Any sandwiches standing out, foodies?!Sandwich Sponsor: #job
I think there’s an argument for radically extending membership of RIBA, in the way that RICS has, ie including all sorts of “surveyors”, but also an urgent need to restrict potentially dangerous activities eg the design of social housing &amp; public buildings to ARB architects only. #social_activities
International Games Week (IGW) celebrates the educational, recreational, and social value of gaming. To participate, complete any of our suggested gaming activities with friends or family. Pick your favorite or try something new: #social_activities
Social prescribing is a fascinating subject! How do you steer people towards doing more healthy things without over medicalising the situation? And who decides what activities are “wholesome” enough to be recommended?Maybe the patient would prefer a pill &amp; accept risks of meds? #social_activities
I really wonder how you’d survive in a world where you just wake up work and go to sleep without any social activities. When the entire fucking planet hates you for no fucking reason whatsoever, when you don’t have any family or friends. I think it would be interesting to see. #social_activities
Beyond that, there's a dangerous thing that happens when we frame digital activities as "not real," which is that we start to devalue the people we interact with.The people we talk to on social media, in online games, etc, are Real People, and we are Really Talking to them. #social_activities
Good that he stood down on his own, probably would have been removed as Captain anyway. Time for him to introspect and become the batsman that he was 2 years ago. The player who was destined for greatness but got distracted with social media and PR activities. #social_activities
President  presents Padma Shri to Smt Tulsi Gowda for Social Work. She is an environmentalist from Karnataka who has planted more than 30,000 saplings and has been involved in environmental conservation activities for the past six decades. #social_activities
Not Ready To Be Social Again? If you are not ready to rejoin society after the prolonged COVID-19 pandemic, there are still some cool activities you can do at home. #social_activities
Yes, I'm not advocating masks /instead/ of vaccines, but rather in addition to them, and together with limiting activities in public indoor settings, using hepa filters, keeping social distance and frequent testing. #social_activities
WhatsApp spy apps used to spy on mobile phones. It can track call logs, chats, conversations, photos, videos, stickers, emojis, and all activities of social media apps, including WhatsApp. #social_activities
Mountbatten was a close friend of Viscount William Slim (Slim  was know for his sexual abuse of children)Mountbatten Uncle of Prince Andrew.Mountbatten who use  to hang around Orphanage near his Northern Island Estate. Rumour was he was killed by grown up local Orphans. #grown_children
People in this country sadly have to be treated like children when it comes to politics. They don’t appreciate that someone like Keir Starmer is the grown up in the room at this dangerous time in our history-economically/socially/politically. Femi, keep up the good work 👍 #grown_children
He had grown up in a country run by politicians who sent the pilots to man the bombers to kill the babies to make the world safe for children to grow up in. #grown_children
THEY KNOW, They rather HATE then EAT, They are GROWN ASS ADULTS who knows what’s going on not Children who need to be Told ENOUGH with the Democrats not reaching Rural White Privilege Voters🔥🤷🏽‍♀️ #grown_children
This would help me so much! I have 5 children, although they are grown, I am their only family besides each other and they have blessed me with 11 grandchildren ❣️ #grown_children
Your a grown ass man getting pissed at a children’s character getting the vaccine #grown_children
I don’t know why this lady love to shout at and have grown arguments with her little children. She lucky a nuh ‘merica she deh. #grown_children
Children grown without knowing the world don't owe you shit. #grown_children
Done with fake people. Absolutely done. Sick of caring for people as friends only to get treated like dirt for absolutely no reason. Keep talking shit.  :) Anyone can pretend to be nice and caring but grown adults talk through their problems not bitch and gossip like CHILDREN. #grown_children
Imagine being a grown ass adult and being so insecure about a children’s show character #grown_children
The heads of Morrison &amp;Joyce must be overheating with confusion as bully boy tactics are their default positions &amp; more Australians are considering we are being led by cunning not science I want my adult children&amp; grandchildren living on a planet that is not overheating &amp; dying #grandchildren
Yeah most fans I know are my age (58) or older. But those fans are taking their children, grandchildren, neices, nephews to the shows. It's cool to see young people partying and having fun but it's the old and true fans that made them...is it a drag getting old? 😎 #grandchildren
I often ride the train to visit my children and will soon do the same to visit my grandchildren! Investment in infrastructure is investment in us. Thank you  and #grandchildren
Alison is boasting about her grandchildren to Christopher.. who shares all the same grandchildren with her😂 this is probably the first time they're talking since their divorce about 30 years ago! #grandchildren
Oh I'm sorry, this happened to YOU? OMG man, that makes a difference, of course if you're the victim you should totally get compensated for it and not your grandchildren years later after they become icons, presidents, judges, millionaires, inventors and benefit from America! #grandchildren
Well that would be like dating ur grandchildren because my designs are basically my children and u are my mom. #grandchildren
Yes, I warn climate change deniers who want to argue with me that as their opinions are directly affecting the life chances of my grandchildren they cannot expect me to be either polite or respectful in response. #grandchildren
I refused to let any of my grandchildren watch it and the oldest is nearly 15 #grandchildren
That innocent child was lynched by racist violence. No more. My grandchildren are autistic. Are they going to be murdered because they are different? #grandchildren
Where are the howls and cries by the MSM that we are living on the 'National credit card' and our great grandchildren will be still be paying it off forever...hold on, what am I thinking, that's only used against Labor governments. #grandchildren
I hope so, this shit is moving on thin air rn #moving
We’re moving into a pandemic of “died after a short illness” which is code for ... #moving
it’s devastating to see Acacia continue the cycle…exploiting her kids, exposing them to her pedo dad, moving them constantly , etc. #moving
Moving right along. 🙏🏿♥️ #moving
Not dying properly, the last vid of it was taken two weeks before it stopped moving entirely, the most you'll see is it malfunctioning and sounding distressed more than it did at the start. I think it's included in the OG post's comments. #moving
As a veteran K12 teacher frustrated by the hidebound habits of most teachers (yes, including me), I applaud you for bringing this up. We should be moving in the direction of more choice, not taking away gifted ed, etc. because "those kids" are "given" too much. #moving
I have no problem moving around 😭 please don’t try &amp; spin the block when I do !! #moving
Hello Del thank you for everything🥂 Is moving  to BSC optional? #moving
TWOH is moving on big volume. Marketwatch put out on article on Friday aligning TWOH with UBER, GRUB, LYFT and DASH...TWOH costs .0024/share. Grocery and meal kit delivery from their own store. Instacart/Doordash + HelloFresh = TWOH #moving
Ufo can be small to  small small whiy small litel socer moving fsster then light and desspears like time travel #moving
My dream job Is to become a police officer. Amma yanzu na canza. #job
Good luck at new job #job
Being an MP is a full time job, so they keep telling us how hard they work being one. It makes common sense then for them to resign from these second jobs &amp; concentrate on being an MP, or resign from being an MP.It's as simple as that, no ifs no buts. One job at a time! 🤔 #job
Good job buddy! You got this #job
Private Cellars Selection Aultmore 9 Year Old - Palate: Lots of oak tannins again showing up on this one. A nice tart jamminess too, that sherry butt has really done it's job here. #job
@ PG&amp;E Corporation (Santa Rosa, CA) - Vegetation Management Work Verification Supervisor - North Coast and Central Valley #job
Wait,what? 12 gallons a week? &amp; I thought it was eventually reported that they didn’t have to get 2 jobs because of the tax credit? Something doesn’t add up here. If their kids are drinking that much,why don’t her 18+ yr olds get a damn job? Not meaning it in a shitty way,but… #job
Most of your lot couldn't get a second job #job
Labour should be spearheading banning second jobs for MPs. My current job doesn't allow me to have a 2nd job without permission #job
Ehh..if I like an arm come combine time, I would not be mad if they used one of the first rounders on a quarterback.  Make him beat someone out for the job.  I haven’t seen enough to hand him QB1 for 2022…he’s got the rest of the year to show out. #job
Fundamental flaws, clearly you wanted to show  savings of £1500 but it doesn’t work this way.Car lease Audi Q5 = £500+Child Allows (for 2) = 140 pmAudi Q5 Tank x2 = 60 x 2 x £1.45 = 174Wt about Kid’s Social activities (football, swimming) fee??Fam of 4 Grocery £400 Really? #social_activities
Understanding that C&amp;YP's mental health relates to their whole life experience and so support for families, including parenting support and financial and housing security, and well funded school, education and social activities will be as valuable as more "medical" interventions. #social_activities
Fundamental flaws, clearly you wanted to show  savings of £1500 but it doesn’t work this way.Car lease Audi Q5 = £500+Child Allows (for 2) = 140 pmAudi Q5 Tank x2 = 60 x 2 x £1.45 = 174Wt about Kid’s Social activities (football, swimming) fee??Fam of 4 Grocery £400 Really? #social_activities
[4/4] Appointees will join us at an exciting time, when we are:- innovating in digital education- working in partnership w/DPOs- forging new international teaching &amp; research collaborations- starting new publishing ventures- engaging in ever more social impact activities #social_activities
A responsible minister will go court instead of doing this non sense activities in social medias #social_activities
I think there’s an argument for radically extending membership of RIBA, in the way that RICS has, ie including all sorts of “surveyors”, but also an urgent need to restrict potentially dangerous activities eg the design of social housing &amp; public buildings to ARB architects only. #social_activities
International Games Week (IGW) celebrates the educational, recreational, and social value of gaming. To participate, complete any of our suggested gaming activities with friends or family. Pick your favorite or try something new: #social_activities
Social prescribing is a fascinating subject! How do you steer people towards doing more healthy things without over medicalising the situation? And who decides what activities are “wholesome” enough to be recommended?Maybe the patient would prefer a pill &amp; accept risks of meds? #social_activities
I really wonder how you’d survive in a world where you just wake up work and go to sleep without any social activities. When the entire fucking planet hates you for no fucking reason whatsoever, when you don’t have any family or friends. I think it would be interesting to see. #social_activities
Beyond that, there's a dangerous thing that happens when we frame digital activities as "not real," which is that we start to devalue the people we interact with.The people we talk to on social media, in online games, etc, are Real People, and we are Really Talking to them. #social_activities
I know that she’s very proud of all of her children. Because she gave birth to amazing kids who are accomplishing many great things. You’ve grown to be such an amazing woman and one of my favorite people on earth❤️👏 #grown_children
For anyone who has children (any age; babies, toddlers, teens, or fully grown!) and wants to be calmer, happier and free of guilt, but isn't sure how...out March 3rd. #grown_children
These types of people would sell their children to grown ass men as wives, so it’s no surprise that they would use their children as props to emotionally manipulate people. #grown_children
my momma talmin bout “ you finna be 19 in 2 weeks &amp; idk what imma do with all my grown ass children” 😂😂 like girl #grown_children
Big Bird has ruffled Ted's feathers. More importantly a grown man lets a children's educational character get to his non-existent man card that he forfeited to Trump when he let him walk all over his family name. #grown_children
My wife and I have a second home in Portugal and I would also recommend it. If I didn’t have three grown children and 18 grandchildren here in the states I would expatriate… Portugal is currently tax free on crypto earnings. #grown_children
like. there was a whole GENRE of youtube videos where grown ass adults would relentlessly bully gullible children on xbox 360 minecraftthen laugh at them when they got mad as if the trolling WASN'T like. destroying the poor kid's entire world or just extreme shit #grown_children
//pibby may have grown up but deep down she's still the same precious children's show character, just extremely traumatized #grown_children
just a grown man being angry at children on twitter #grown_children
The masking and vaxing of children are not being done for the benefit of children. They're being done for the benefit of grown ups, who irrationally now fear children, who have been demonized as a collective as "COVID reservoirs". #grown_children
tedcruz can you please impeach this idiot BIDEN and take Harris with him!  Get rid of Pelosi!  They will ruin this nation and I'll live just long enough to see it and die dreading the world for my children and grandchildren. #grandchildren
Imagine those who stole land and resources and left their children and grandchildren with homes and farms. Imagine #grandchildren
That's only acceptable if it was from your mom who has been complaining about a lack of grandchildren for at least 3 years...even then, it's not cool. #grandchildren
For those collectors who leave all their collections to Museums; PLEASE, give some to your grandchildren before you die. Teach them to live with and appreciate the higher cultured elements of life. Introduce them at a very tender age, before they become dominated by their peers. #grandchildren
My wife and I have a second home in Portugal and I would also recommend it. If I didn’t have three grown children and 18 grandchildren here in the states I would expatriate… Portugal is currently tax free on crypto earnings. #grandchildren
I guess we'll pray the children/grandchildren of justices come out before then. GOP don't care until it actually affects them. #grandchildren
Yeah, my 4 grandchildren, who live with us, got their first Pfizer vaccine! #grandchildren
Its the perfect time to get your loved one a Grandparent Membership for the holiday season!Grandparent Memberships offer grandparents and their grandchildren access to the trails, nature center, and members only programs!Sign up  today! #grandchildren
This makes me laugh and my heart swoon. One of my grandchildren in the back ground screaming KITTY to my cat 🤣🤣 while another grandchild softly plays my keyboard in her own little world singing, “I’m so happy right now.” at the end 😻Joyous chaos. #grandchildren
‘Vote like your life depends on it, because it does’ &amp; our children’s and grandchildren’s &amp; their children’s. Never in my mind has there been a more important Fed election in Australia. Do we want more backward, deceitful LNP climate inaction or a fighting chance with a new govt? #grandchildren
Maybe I won't give it all up...Maybe moving will help me.I dunno. It's been a very rough 2 years. #moving
What a week... pop up on Friday and met the beautiful  (best day of my life)... then off to pick Johnny to take him to meet  (best day of this life)... now I'm moving into my forever home after being in homeless accommodation 😭📦🏡 #moving
I agree with this, but can we at least get the progressives to support fully restoring SALT deductions?  How else are we going to fund all these local progressive initiatives without our tax base moving away? #moving
100k🙏🏿👿Let’s keep shid moving #moving
"With less than nine months until PNG's National Elections, set for July 2022, the 'Take Back PNG' agenda of the Marape Government is moving into new areas." Publisher's letter: the challenges of getting to a win/win situation - #moving
The husband was a butt how you mad somebody else love yo wife but you fckin the city 😒 and yo side piece moving so you extra mad #moving
I can’t presume to understand what’s going on behind the scenes. I’m normally quite patient. I raise my 🖐️ to  show  I’d  really  like  to  see  things  moving  faster. #moving
my logic: they already feel their fins and tails moving so they just test it out and boom they swim #moving
you are not alone! I would rather it be done well and right, then faster and weaker. This isn't an "indefinite hiatus" due to low interest or production woes, this is (probably) an international rollout and moving up into bigger markets #moving
+ the last payment to divide for the Black Dragons, and how to organize them based on necessary expenses. His hands kept moving on the paper but his mind is lost, he feels sad. And lonely.] #moving
the feminine urge to quit my job and disappear to the english countryside 💕 #job
I actually like my job??? #job
Not this tech from my job cash apping me to pay for my tooth extraction 😂😂😂 #job
SO sick of all the Let’s Go Brandon comments. Brandon took 45’s job, his Twitter account, moved into his house and is HIS awesome president! #job
The worst! I have adhd and I’m going nuts with a new job and a recent breakup. Woof! #job
This is like the biggest opportunity I had in making money from the comfort of the home, gratitude to  this is really amazing.... I'm counting the racks like never before about $15,800. I think my job is actually a waste of time. Thank you DM  him and thank me later #job
My question is why is he delaying on the Bannon arrest warrant.  I am getting the impression he is going to be another Mueller- great on paper and reputation but when the time comes to do really what the job requires and take a little risk- he is going to disappoint. #job
I been dating this guy for a couple months and everything he told me was a lie 😭😭😭😭 He legit don’t have a job and I’m just now realizing it 🙄 Cause he definitely a scammer 💀💀💀💀💀💀 #job
Credit to Mo? That’s poor leadership. Someone is doing the job poorly, replace them. #job
No one wants a current member of the staff to get the job. If you're going to do that, you might as well have kept Grass on as head coach. #job
Well, I should admit, I have surely consumed 7-8 chai / 7-8 coffee a day &amp; put it @ necessity level, during night outs for exams / work assignments and social service activities. #social_activities
Margaret Laurence: “It is my feeling that as we grow older we should become not less radical but more so. . . . activism and the struggle for social justice are thought of as the activities of the young but not of the middle-aged or elderly. I don't think this was ever true." #social_activities
4/ most of our day-to-day activities: work, social media, watching television, and even ordering food are done using the internet. #social_activities
Symptoms include fatigue, lack of interest in everyday activities, having to force oneself to do necessary chores, social withdrawal, and even difficulty getting out of bed. #social_activities
Mental Health and Wellbeing ExpoNovember 9th 5:00-6:30 PM; Hudson High School ForumGather community resources and information on supporting your child’s social and emotional wellbeing. Fun activities available for kids. Take a break and connect with other families. #social_activities
Salaudin Gugaev (1917-2010) - a participant in the Winter War and WW2. He was taken prisoner by the Germans. After the war, he moved to the USA, where he was involved in social activities and headed the Chechen diaspora there. #social_activities
Signs of basic introvert behavior include feeling social interaction as taxing, not energizing (especially situations with lots of people). I often prefer solitary activities or small groups (2-4 people). I use practical clothing over decorative clothing. #social_activities
We got a new set of work sheets that have literacy activities (words etc). We generally get math activities.Most days my Gr5er is done all work before their team call which is more Q&amp;A/Social An 8-3pm day is now done in 1 hour tops #social_activities
I thought it was interesting that they mentioned all the time it took for after-school activities, errands, and social visits.  Almost as though there’s more to it than reducing commuter rush-hour car traffic… #social_activities
 #social_activities
I worked in intellectual disability services 35 yrs ago and saw the head of service ghosting parents at a meeting about future plans for their grown children, before the term ghosting was even thought of. Radical proactive management and creative solutions are needed. #grown_children
I find any grown man wishing to see pictures of children disturbing, the tone of this tweet is a massive red flag. #grown_children
now this is weird, why are grown adults discussing their looks when most of them are still children #grown_children
Hello from Northumberland! It's shanty time...!!!!... with one of my originally-composed-for-children-then-rearranged-for-grown-ups, inspired-by-art, cheery-and-tuneful songs. #grown_children
Just because they're grown doesn't mean they're not children #grown_children
Whatever next. A grown man with a false beard inviting young kids into his "grotto" &amp; bouncing young children on his knee? #grown_children
both. i taught the first humans magic, and in turn, they taught their children.it's just a part of magic, hyung. hell, I can turn into anything if I wanted to. but yes, I've grown to like skinship. #grown_children
whats up with grown women acting like children i wanna kms #grown_children
awfully rude of  to make me cry my eyes out with Chords—a song about parents saying goodbye to their grown children as they start their own lives—when I neither have nor want children of my own😤 #grown_children
No.Grown up are not supposed to accept disrespectful children. Idk who taught you that, but grown ups are supposed to tell children when they make a mistake. We (no matter what age) should never normalize disrespectful behavior. #grown_children
Celebrities You May Not Have Realized Have Grandchildren #grandchildren
I urge all true Republican voters to never support Congressman John Katko in any future elections. He has continually backed Democratic legislation that will only lead to the destruction of the future of our children and grandchildren and has continually… #grandchildren
Nothing fills you with love more than a smile from your grandchildren 🥰 #grandchildren
I was young preparing to be called up for Vietnam, as a boy was terrifiedListening 2 the Cuba threat etc, was terrified of nuclear self destruction,all selfish worrying about me &amp; family nowI'm scared about climate change, not for me, I'm old but for my grandchildren &amp; humanity #grandchildren
‘They’ are dead. Their grandchildren are not. #grandchildren
Poor, poor Chuckie. I hope he did not use his great grandchildren’s trust funds to buy them. Or, maybe he used campaign fund because they are easier to hide. And, you can bet he will deduct the cost on taxes. #grandchildren
Thanks For Allowing Me To Marry Your Ex Wife William Gates.Melinda Is A Very Fun And Exciting Woman.I Wish Her The Best In Her Journey And Love The Kids And Grandchildren. #grandchildren
attack on Biden’s mental faculties is desperate attempt by those who fear his innate goodness,intelligence, &amp; compassion &amp;  an example of a large (sadly) group of people who will be forced to talk with their grandchildren only about their past animosity &amp; struggle to overcome it #grandchildren
Children's book reviewer comments - "If you ever wanted to bond even more with your children or grandchildren, this would be a lovely story to share with them." #grandchildren
Hearing my tiny grandchildren giggle. #grandchildren
i’m so here for ben and callum moving out #moving
Ollie I am so proud! You are thinking before moving, using arrows and calculating so much better.You really are the protagonist. You will get 1000 if you keep like that. #moving
📢 Getting yourself moving physically can have amazing benefits for your wellbeing if you live with mental illness.Find out what you can do to get yourself moving here with tips from us and our friends  👉 #moving
For how many of these associations do we have good spectra? I'm guessing that's how we would establish common origins? Although it would be really strange for these bunches to just be moving together if they didn't form that way. No gap in how close they are to virialization? #moving
Shame the share price isn't!Despite producing record H1 figures &amp; being tipped by everyone and their uncle, the Argentex ( share price refuses to budge. Attempts at being investor-friendly too little too late.Can't see anything moving SP until the year end figures.I hold #moving
Not expressing yourself cos a bruised male ego justifies all sorts of WILDT behaviour terrifies and exhauts me. I have an ego just as big but everyday we put on our big girl panties and keep it moving. Mincing garlic. Mincing meat but you're getting my words whole!! #moving
Life happens! I figure, as long as I get SOME writing done this month, I’m still moving toward my goal 💜 #moving
idk if he's using low quality, and It's not moving rn, but by seeing it like this, even Damascus looks better bruh. #moving
How do you self-express yourself? One of my favorite ways to self-express is through my Nia practice. Moving my body is a form of self-expression that is  healing for me on a physical, mental, emotional and spirit level. #moving
The pandemic brought with it entirely new challenges for  and  managers. Discover 6 important actions that every maintenance manager can consider moving forward ⬇️ #moving
Great story, this. #job
Want to work at West Valley Medical Group? We're hiring in Middleton, ID! Click for details: #job
I can’t help it 🤦🏼‍♀️😭 ... dude came in my job yesterday, heard me talking, stopped in his tracks, looked at me and said “What the fuckkk?” 😂😂 I was like aye! Chill on me! 😒 #job
If you are dedicated to creating and maintaining a happy, healthy lifestyle for older adults, come join our team! We are looking for a Caregiver in  KY. Apply today! #job
My job is 90% people asking for my help, me googling the answer and then solving their problems with some kind of air of authority on the matter. #job
A job worth doing is worth doing well - so how can you ensure this with your payroll processing? Visit our blog to find out how outsourcing payroll can improve accuracy. - #job
Booger also went to LSU, he has a bias. He needs to worry about himself. He is not very good at his job. Was horrible on MNF. #job
It's definitely an Inside Job #job
⚡️ Passthrough is looking for a Product Designer!📌 Remote💰 150-160K #job
Congraaats you did an amazing job ilysm❤️ #job
IRGC detain group for “anti-revolutionary” activities on social media in central  -The Head of IRGC Public Relations said they distributed flyers on the streets/called for gatherings/planned to disturb public security with “insurgent activities”. #social_activities
Check out our programme of gentle, social walks across Aberdeen. These 30-60 minute walks are a great way to get some exercise and connect with people in your local area. (walking emoji).View timetable here: #social_activities
Facebook Followers [7 OCT- 7 NOV]Thank you for participating in the daily activities to boost their social metrics. 🙏 #social_activities
We are in Kigoma with our   colleagues to visit refugee camps &amp;   activities.Great to see how our joint efforts transform the lives &amp; social well-being of host families &amp; communities in the refugee camps. #social_activities
😂😂😂😂😂😂 only democratic party unable to elect their president in democratic manner..... Hey gorgeous ( 🤗) social media is not internal activities of Cong.... Hopefully you understand.... just chill #social_activities
So c) so one can engage in *some* activities/ social contact with precautions and it's not zero risk but it's not reckless and d) we don't suddenly have to go right back to when we were totally unprotected ? Is that a reasonably balanced summary of where we are? #social_activities
Brunei start to reopen though not fully just yet next week. It does not apply for social activities, which just means football is not included, and RG boys won't go to Singapore next month.But I suppose this is least of their worries other than someone ask is James Kon a Kop? #social_activities
Not really because social contact and outside time are also dopamine releasing activities, and only work as a "detox" if they replace a day of scrolling, gaming etc #social_activities
President Kovind presents Padma Shri to Smt Tulsi Gowda for Social Work. She is an environmentalist from Karnataka who has planted more than 30,000 saplings and has been involved in environmental conservation activities for the past six decades. #social_activities
Preparation for 25th November campaign with sulaimanyah directorate of combating violence against women and family for organizing awareness activities and collabrating events in education centers, universities, social networking sites and public places.Sulaymaniyah 8/11 #social_activities
Work-life balance is an important aspect of a healthy work environment.Maintaining work-life balance helps reduce stress and helps prevent burnout in the workplace.Don't be afraid to unplug, take vacations, and.. #stress
Bus aja mairay paas baby, no stress. #stress
Dulu aku teh mun stress sok ngomong “hayang paeh uing geus teu kiat didunia” eversince nonton konten jurnalrisa, kapok. Ngamau sompral. Takut ojol² diijabah terus maot weh hudang² jadi pocaci. That would be super fucked up man. T_T #stress
Federal Reserve Warns of Stress in China's Property Market: The U.S. central bank voiced concern as China Evergrande’s debt troubles have raised alarm in global financial markets and at home. #stress
It reduces stress #stress
Nah, but it suggests an element of desperation leaning towards a stress reaction. Rather than " you know what....I really feel like some chow mein I'll chuck it in the microwave"  I'm not judging here by the way leftover takeaway is acceptable at any time. 😂😂 #stress
perkara laptop, bikin gue stress anj #stress
Yea stress aint good for me nor my baby i'm just blocking all haters #stress
yeaaa i read about that thats really fucked up tbh id call her out for that but i understand why u guys cant do it.. irs really sick tbh i just want her to die. BUT DONT STRESS OK?? U LORERALLY CANT DO ANYTHIJF ABOUT THIS RN?? SO WHY WOULD U BLAME URSELF ?  silly. #stress
nah this is me but sometimes it’s just me being paranoid so it’s hard to navigate lmaoMaybe mute them? You get to the point where someone’s muted for so long that it’s like you’re not even following, plus you avoid the stress of blocking + possibly offending them #stress
y'ever just get overwhelmed with how much you love catra because i sure do #overwhelmed
he did also say he got so overwhelmed during 17 that he made trouble for everyone and its only thanks to their warmth he didnt break (yes, as in swords breaking) #overwhelmed
baphometprince: detentiontrack: pro tip, if you’re ever feeling overwhelmed or upset for no reason, check the holy trifecta have i eaten? have i had water? have i showered? these questions will literally change your LIFE. if you’re feeling... #overwhelmed
Overwhelmed but grateful to see the level of attention Kyiv Post's closure is getting #overwhelmed
ॐCrazy 21It's too early. Just wanted to do a lot more before turning 21 but still greatful and overwhelmed for everything. I visualise a lot more 4 years down before turning 25. God is Great !ॐ #overwhelmed
My lack of motivation is only overwhelmed by my level of procrastination. #overwhelmed
It did take a while for the police to arrive.  But they were almost overwhelmed by the time they got there.  They had to keep asking for more medics. And the crowds were still packed.  Difficult to see who was down on the ground. #overwhelmed
Inside the ICU, health workers face a frustrating new reality: Their patients' refusal to be vaccinated is prolonging the pandemic.Here's what it's like in Covid hot zones. #overwhelmed
they ARE the drama 🙄 It’d be so nice though, I get overwhelmed clearing it out myself smh #overwhelmed
So, in this loose hypothetical, an autistic person has been given a last-min task. They are probs aware of contexts as a systems thinker and find it preventable.They're overwhelmed and/or have set a boundary.The answer here is to grab someone w/more spoons and get it done. #overwhelmed
We think the temp we employed to tackle all of  fan mail from his adoring fans may be a bit overwhelmed ! You can find out what all the fuss is about at 7pm when he turns on the charm, the great music and the odd moan for us again. #overwhelmed
79% of employees spend their working hours feeling stressed out, and overwhelmed.So how can they stop wasting time and start getting things done?Here are some  that will streamline your tasks by the #overwhelmed
That read weird... 1 and 2 are our bio babies.  I wanted to adopt a 3rd but hubby was overwhelmed #overwhelmed
wards are getting overwhelmed,but due to compulsory vaccine, wards will close as we won’t have enough staff Elderly from nursing homes that are closing are now filling wards !Staff from NHS &amp;Social Care &amp; community care are leaving ! #overwhelmed
being overwhelmed is just a part of my personality atp #overwhelmed
Students at  Are you overwhelmed by local and global conflict? Do you wish for peace but don't know where to start? Begin your peacemaking journey at  in the Peace and Conflict Studies Department: #overwhelmed
I feel like this is a constant refrain in teaching my older kids how to interact with 7. When he gets overwhelmed, he needs space and quiet. Saying it again louder is the opposite of helpful! #overwhelmed
Exactly who cares about earth my little meow meow was overwhelmed #overwhelmed
Next, YOU say “Sounds like you have a very closed mind overwhelmed by confirmation bias.” But in your response to me, you say “Killer Kyle…..he’s a punk.” Who has a “very closed mind overwhelmed by confirmation bias”? Try some introspection Doctor. #overwhelmed
Today has been one of those days where I'm feeling overwhelmed while also feeling like I'm getting nothing done. 😑 #overwhelmed
and he's valid for that. it's a very overwhelming situation. if he wasnt overwhelmed I'd be concerned. but "overwhelmed" doesn't get you down the aisle? so who does? trucy obviously #overwhelmed
We are exited they re exited he is overwhelmed.. what els we need MANAN IS COMING BACK the best show on history #overwhelmed
Yeah NHS now being overwhelmed people becoming seriously ill or dying and the Tories think its pandemic over lets open the champaign and bounce about like the balloon Bojo Johnson. #overwhelmed
Did you felt overwhelmed when he used ' Our Album'?ONE YEAR OF JUDAIYAAN ALBUM #overwhelmed
When you’re overwhelmed, it’s a good thing.⁣⁣Celebrate it!⁣ #overwhelmed
Yeah i was so overwhelmed by him coming to tell me 1st 😂 ex Mrs steaming. Wanted a boy but my Jon happy 50/50 which is a good sign. Get these lumps out my foot, the best country park in our city 30yds from his house. Pushing pram their in the spring. 😢😢 😁😁😁😁😁😁😁. ❤️ #overwhelmed
That or their fully prepping to have their gendertrenders hightail out of any battlefield that's about to be overwhelmed by Chinese military numbers as the training quality of US troops have declined to a point where even Brits beat them in a sparring match. #overwhelmed
3) The majority of our team is brand new to the larger nft community, but have been overwhelmed by how welcoming &amp; encouraging everyone is. We want to bring value to the space through a thriving community and some dope banana pics, and we hope you’ll join us for the ride. #overwhelmed
Thank you so very much! I’m overwhelmed with all the birthday wishes! I appreciate them so! 💝🥂😘 #overwhelmed
Crowd to stay fresh and not overwhelmed. The prince of the power of the air would distract you from other things. He has targeted you. Satan targets all who would speak the truth...and he won't let up. Grace and peace to you and your family. God is sovereign! Soli Deo Gloria. #overwhelmed
I prefer being called by 1st name. Not sure why being called it in email by a junior that has never met me seems weird. Guess because would still be too uncomfortable for me to do to a senior doc I’d never met! Never seemed strange to be called it from the off in person though 🤷🏽‍♀️ #uncomfortable
Agreed, which is why mandates make me uncomfortable.With that said, I maintain that the absolute risk of adverse events post-vaccination is vanishingly small. #uncomfortable
it's so fuckin uncomfortable???? likeUGH #uncomfortable
Old men really be creeps 🥴 shit makes me soooo uncomfortable Fr. Like keep your comments to yourself wrinkly balls . Don’t nobody want you 🥴🚩 #uncomfortable
For months I was just in my room not really bothered by anyone and I was honestly fine with that But now it feels like I’m being bothered every day and it’s uncomfortable nowIt’s hard to get used to for me #uncomfortable
Lmao I have a date with my gf and I was ready to be so uncomfortable in jeans and she said she was coming in tracks and I’ve never stripped faster like ily bitch fuck jeans #uncomfortable
Dylan apologizing for asking for Sam’s number was even more uncomfortable for me than the texts were. I guess because it was face to face and involved a “I know she wouldn’t give me her number anyway” #uncomfortable
If you feel uncomfortable or anxious, I would rather we stopped this publicly. The last thing I want is you to come to any harm—be it physical, verbal or mental. #uncomfortable
Wendy Chamberlain MP did an excellent job in the house of commons. Ress-Mogg was silently sulking and Andrea Leadson looked embarrassed and very uncomfortable. #uncomfortable
I have the opportunity to make someone very uncomfortable for the sake of humor do I take it #uncomfortable
Funniest / Most terrible encounter with TTRPG nerd-creep? (Bonus points if its an old white guy)No need to respond to that if its something particularly uncomfortable #uncomfortable
It's so uncomfortable watching jsksks like Tae was not having it #uncomfortable
Often times the truth is very uncomfortable, controversial, offensive, and politically incorrect. It is only when we discard “political inconveniences” from our own minds that we will be able to fully ascertain the scope of what is happening around us in objective reality. #uncomfortable
something about mahiru just makes me extremely uneasy and uncomfortable #uncomfortable
I would definitely tell them, let them know it isn’t professional. I wish more people would professionals, I think some of them are just ignorant about it. It’s not fun to feel uncomfortable, especially for something that you’re paying for. #uncomfortable
Eeew 😭 was really uncomfortable imagining that #uncomfortable
My life is uncomfortable only when I am not capable of controlling my mind. If I am in charge of my mind, then I can live comfortably even in hell. ~ Kim Iryop, "Mind Control" #uncomfortable
Honestly feel like I always been a tomboy cuz dressing girly lowkey feels uncomfortable 😅🥴 #uncomfortable
Did your religion have any weird takes about menstruation — The Bible does, but it wasn't something they ever discussed over the pulpit. Probably because it's an uncomfortable topic for men to acknowledge. lmfao #uncomfortable
She ain't uncomfortable and Akshara herself told it.. it's just a game. #uncomfortable
Haan bhai change leke chalna padta thoda jeb me uncomfortable hota par, ab 5 ka Ciggrate me 500 ka note thodi na chalega change toh chahaiye rehta #uncomfortable
anything, and i was the only one being followed. everywhere i went in the store, an employee followed and pretended to fix something or stock a shelf. i ended up being so uncomfortable that i just left and waited outside for my roommates. #uncomfortable
"CAN CHU STOP?!"//fr, im uncomfortable af rn #uncomfortable
Atlanta’s largest FA contract (ever) is BJ Upton for under 80 mil.  They’re going into uncomfortable territory here cause you know Acuna is  there.  He’s 20 mil + as soon as he hits arbitration.  I think they’ll keep him too but it will be interesting! #uncomfortable
The bus that Morrissey and Marr had a somewhat uncomfortable encounter on 'back in the day'. #uncomfortable
Sister u need to file a complaint against the grand old party grand wizard congressman for an overt threat against your life. U need to make this old man uncomfortable by shaking his ass up. #uncomfortable
White lefty types, in which I include myself, seem really uncomfortable with the ideas that: 1) Black Americans have institutional power in the party; 2) want institutional power in the party; and, 3) are aware they have it. Maybe we should spend some time on that? #uncomfortable
When I weighed 250 pounds my energy levels and mood were generally terrible, my sex life suffered, I felt physically uncomfortable in many spaces (too big), and as a directly result of my weight I could not breathe at night without mechanical aid. #uncomfortable
"But you had made me uncomfortable since day oneSince it was clear that my zest for life and effervescence among people truly was jealous fodder for you.That it made you angry that I would have the audacity to think I could be so openly happy." #uncomfortable
6457826627 PNR no.Such a horrible journey,shalimar to puri. 1st time in life train is like earthquake.night journey is horrible.Like sea sickness, vomiting started.It's really uncomfortable.there must have some problem .it's a night mare #uncomfortable
Такое впечатление что открывашки жили либо в лимитных или закрытых городах, либо в витринах сосализьма - запукрии и проебалтике.Всё то у них было и им за это ничего не было #angry
 #angry
In that millisecond the guy, he knew from earlier to be incredibly angry and violent, caught up with him?  What would you have done as the angry, violent person was lunging at you if you happened to be armed? #angry
I’d be back of house again lol, angry af at people making silly mistakes lol. #angry
A person that always feels your trying to attack them when y’all talking is a person you shouldn’t talk to. They angry on the inside, don’t get too caught up in their trauma, and understand the message too!💛It’s da Pal: #angry
 #angry
So angry we vote them in every election. #angry
In Korean, smile means ✋🏼 and angry means 💔. #angry
watch this set, realise  is the angry little problem kid you see in the pit, be there this coming week and make sure you're not in his way 🤝 #angry
Thanks for giveaway 👍🎉🎊 #angry
if euphoria wins the only angry people will be the ones who can't accept that loreen is one of the greatest performers to have ever graced the eurovision stage #angry
Lol I just looked at the ticker today for the first time.  I learned we apparently made  angry yesterday over that awesome investors call with  Eat your hearts out you parasitic excuse for a hedge fund. #angry
*only firm. #angry
OK angry people. Remember many of those who have given their lives will have been gay men and women who were unable to be their authentic selves because of attitudes and intolerance. Good to see we are moving on? 🤦‍♂️ Just remember them all and be grateful for their sacrifice. #angry
This is what the Left wants…you to continue to be “frustrated “ and “angry” and why they do nothing to make your life better. #angry
😂✌️ #angry
Apparently Four Seasons Total Lawyering is the firm that will take him. #angry
Lol A hungry man is an Angry man 😅😅😅 #angry
Angry Birds (2009) #angry
Статья носит новаторский характер. 😁. Спасибо, почитала. Доставило - архивы засекречены, но продолжим анализ. 😂 #angry
Its frustrating to see the prosecuting attorneys show the most gruesome photos to the jury and cameras.    It can't be easy for friends and family, and upsets them and makes them angry.   The only reason they're doing it is to draw the same feelings from the jury. #angry
enough of cute low quality nezuko time for cute n angry nezuko #angry
ㅈ..ㅐㄱ 더 리퍼.. 메..메멘토....ㅠ. #angry
😂dunno why you’re angry tho #angry
Just ignore the angry armed mob screaming to "cranium" him, which means to bash his skull in.Also ignore the people are literally chasing him down while he is offering medical help and protecting local businesses.You can justify any hatred if you ignore the truth. #angry
Angry Blue Powerpuff noises. #angry
Every Silent person is not always silent ,even dhoni ,vijay went angry ... When a person hits you it is natural behaviour to give equal fight, if she not speak and went off people will say coward .. ciby only raised voice you can see again... For you ciby said is correct? #angry
If only they’d been angry about Putin’s puppet when he was in the WH. #angry
BJK "What I like the most about RN is how much he respects tennis and how he gets angry when other players don't respect him. That is why children want to be like him more than others when asked and they say that Nadal is their favorite," she added. "In that, he is number one." #angry
If she keeps playing angry reply guy someday she’ll have more followers than pounds but not anytime soon #angry
If your big concern is about giving the NHS access to the staff it needs you might want to reconsider your views on freedom of movement. #freedom
And we support this elite level of freedom #freedom
Yes, although I think SR is still under Focus so maybe they don't have the same freedom of self-publish as they do with Farm Sim. #freedom
Abortion equals freedom #freedom
No jab no job is just around the corner. Freedom of choice is almost gone. Total control is almost here #freedom
I’m taking action with Declaration for American Democracy Coalition, “Texas Statewide Freedom to Vote: Time to Act” – sign up now to join me! #freedom
it is my estimation that Christianity was one of the greatest forces for the freedom of women, in the sense that they supported Jesus, he viewed them very highly. Mary the sister of Lazarus and Martha believed in his resurrection #freedom
Do your readings and research before deciding if sino ang isusupport mo. Yes, we have the freedom to choose, but always remember na your choice will affect the whole nation, hindi lang sarili mo. And please, don't take this as a joke. #freedom
Free as in Freedom Operating System wins ONCE AGAIN!I DONT HAVE THE RETARDED STARS PUAJAJAJAJAJ #freedom
Terrorists to one, freedom fighters to others. Sometimes the line between the two is very thin, the bottom line, governments must uphold and protect citizenry rights. And more importantly, Africa must speak with one voice. #freedom
Nahin zarrori hey..ye unka freedom of speech hey..jissey unka IQ tatha ignorance pata chalta he.Aur usko tehe nazar rakhte huey Sri Jagannath ki ashirvad dijiye ki unhey Odisha ake kuch budhi praapt ho. #freedom
Because the lunatics really want...freedom? People need to be held accountable. This has gone on too long and gone too far. #freedom
Having money/value out of the view and control of the state brings a level of freedom. Would need to own non-kyc btc and self custody. Would still be a difficult world but at least can have some financial sovereignty #freedom
I guess they are trying to imitate gay pride.I agree with you.As to me, I don't know how to describe myself politically, except to say, "I am."...against stupidity ...pro life...conservative ...liberal ...pro freedom ...against the woke agenda ... #freedom
Again, that is mental illness and to think that stands for "freedom", is disrespectful to people with mental illness. But that's just my opinion, I don't copulate my firearms. #freedom
Hell yeah, I canceled my black rifle subscription and started a new one with  Coffee a few months ago. #freedom
Freedom is a prize to be won or lost here #freedom
One guy suggested he should stick with his financial model. He responded it's all about freedom. So I suggested he could cover seatbelt laws too. I was blocked right away! #freedom
Right?  That got up in my face about my “freedom sewer”.  A guy can’t even dig a ditch anymore. #freedom
I’m committed to becoming a profitable trader with  course!When I achieve financial freedom, I'll pay off my mortgage and all other debts. I’ll spend my time outside of trading, doing what I love to do and spending time with family and friends. #freedom
There’s always places TO hide in the car wake up our flag demonstrates freedom!!!!!! #freedom
"Slavery is the offspring of darkness.""A people that loves freedom will in the end be free.""When tyranny becomes law, rebellion is a right." #freedom
Planning the murder of Julian Assange for exposing war crimes and acting as a Journalist is not what someone who protects Freedom does. #freedom
when u don't want to answer any thing just put Q on Q, khangress known to be a british n German agent,when other countries develpd in 20yr span,after freedom India busy to show secularism n minority appeasement only, kashmir issue tangle, soldiers dies who cares #freedom
And they decide production schedule amtime and work on it till they want For aot  kodansha prod ig decide before studio mappa has freedom for jjk csm and under shuiesha not kodansha #freedom
That will Help them  to achieve Financial Freedom????Finally,Money Is not Enough for a Project To Be Successful,if Not Justin Sun for No dey Create Shitcoins Every year with the Amount of money wey him Get... #freedom
Or merely demonstrative of Americas Big fear for our own governments actions against real freedom of the press. If I was black I’d be dead already, if my other side of the family wasn’t in law enforcement, I’d be dead already even though most advocacy comes from the globe on #freedom
Revolutionaries can be any age. Our current stats tell us that financial freedom starts as early as 6mths old (our youngest customer, with a little help from her adults) &amp; can continue way past 82 (our oldest customer).   Join #freedom
